menu "Self contained MTD devices"
	depends on MTD!=n

config MTD_DATAFLASH
	tristate "Support for AT45xxx DataFlash"
	depends on SPI
	help
	  This enables access to AT45xxx DataFlash chips, using SPI.
	  Sometimes DataFlash chips are packaged inside MMC-format
	  cards; at this writing, the MMC stack won't handle those.

config MTD_DATAFLASH_WRITE_VERIFY
	bool "Verify DataFlash page writes"
	depends on MTD_DATAFLASH
	help
	  This adds an extra check when data is written to the flash.
	  It may help if you are verifying chip setup (timings etc) on
	  your board. There is a rare possibility that even though the
	  device thinks the write was successful, a bit could have been
	  flipped accidentally due to device wear or something else.

config MTD_M25P80
	tristate "Support most SPI Flash chips (AT26DF, M25P, W25X, ...)"
	depends on SPI
	help
	  This enables access to most modern SPI flash chips, used for
	  program and data storage. Series supported include Atmel AT26DF,
	  Spansion S25SL, SST 25VF, ST M25P, and Winbond W25X. Other chips
	  are supported as well. See the driver source for the current list,
	  or to add other chips.

	  Note that the original DataFlash chips (AT45 series, not AT26DF),
	  need an entirely different driver.

	  Set up your spi devices with the right board-specific platform data,
	  if you want to specify device partitioning or to use a device which
	  doesn't support the JEDEC ID instruction.

config MTD_SST25L
	tristate "Support SST25L (non JEDEC) SPI Flash chips"
	depends on MTD_M25P80
	help
	  This enables access to the non JEDEC SST25L SPI flash chips, used
	  for program and data storage.

	  Set up your spi devices with the right board-specific platform data,
	  if you want to specify device partitioning.

config MTD_DOCG3
	bool "M-Systems Disk-On-Chip G3"
	select BCH
	select BITREV
	---help---
	  This provides an MTD device driver for the M-Systems DiskOnChip
	  G3 devices.

	  The driver provides access to G3 DiskOnChip, distributed by
	  M-Systems and now Sandisk. The support is very experimental,
	  and doesn't give access to any write operations.

endmenu
